This was an interesting project that came up by coincidence.  I serve on my local city council and the staff brought a proposal to us for a contract with a marketing agency.  The contract would have created an additional landing page on our website to attract new businesses and drafted messaging for use in a handful of scenarios.  The price tag for this proposal was $50,000.  Currently transitioning to being a developer, and my previous career being in public relations, I had the skills to fulfil every deliverable.  I knew that this proposal was incredibly overpriced for what we were getting.  There would be less than 10 hours of work to deliver this entire proposal.  So, I went ahead and did it...

The project actually took a little bit longer than anticipated because I improved on what was already in place.  I started this project by just trying to grab the existing website and use that as a framework for the new page.  However, the existing website didn't follow best practices, with poorly organized code, embedding scripting throughout the pages in multiple locations, and it was incredibly difficult to follow even with a trained eye.  It is the kind of code meant to keep clients reliant on a contract company for updates.  I took the assets I needed from the home site to reacreate the look and feel, and built a brand new site from the ground up using Bootstrap as a foundation.  This new site is well organized, easy for a lay person to update and maintain, more attractive than the original, and with improved functinality.

This is the website landing page I built to attract new businesses to the city.  It is currently loaded with dummy data, waiting to see if the city staff will populate it with real statistics.

Skills: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap  